hey everybody this is cricket here with
a for strategy gaming cast and this is
going to be another feature of the like
a boss and all I have to ask as this
ever been you as a Zerg player and then
they just roll up and kill you and this
is the problem because as irk players we
have trouble with that nine-minute siege
tank Marine push and so I want to go
over something called carpet bombing and
it's basically where you have an opening
where you put bandings in your Overlord
and you drop them as you move over the
Terran army and so we're gonna go over
that today first of all we have to go
over how do you even do it so of course
for bands fit in one Overlord so of
course my hotkey is V so I'm gonna
reference everything off that if your
hotkey is different then just do that so
V click obviously they're going to drop
once they get to this point in time and
the problem is that they drop them one
by one very slow and the Overlord can
get sniped and so what we want to do is
we want to know how to drop them as we
move so what's gonna happen is I'm gonna
click my hotkey and select then I'm
gonna do my hotkey again and select my
Overlord and so he'll actually start to
drop them as he moves so there we go
dropping them one by one and allows them
to chase after what army they have now
the great part about this is once you
have selected your Overlord then you can
actually move them wherever you want
because a lot of times a Terran army
will run away and so you can easily do
this and then if they start to run you
just right-click wherever you like and
then they'll start to move towards that
opponent so here we're gonna see the
effect and the change with dropping the
overlords we have the same exact army
against the same exact army except that
the banelings
are into the overlords I'm going to go
ahead and select past the army I'm going
to try and time it right I'm gonna go
and stim the Marines and then as these
guys move in I'm going to go and bring
my Ling's in I'm gonna go and select my
overlords so they can move as I go and
then there we go basically a completely
different story and so I'm going to go
and give a recap but this has been
carpet bombing like a boss
once again thank you guys for watching
this if you guys like what you see I
just ask that you come check out my
channel at youtube.com forward slash
cricket Starcraft and this has been a
for strategy gaming cast how to
carpet-bomb like a boss